Q.How to handle security in rest webservice?
Q.HashSet Vs TreeSet
Q.interflow of hashmap
Q.write table structure and many-to-many mapping code
Q.How to increase performance of your project
Q.How many way binding is available in angular js
Q.what is routing in angular js?
Q.if you change something in your angular file then what is the step to run your application after that your latest change codes are
reflect?
Q.what is ngInit and onngInit methods in angular js?
Q.tell me angular js flow?
Q.how to test your angular js?
Q.how to create your angular file ?is there any command for this requirement?list of file name
.html
.css
.ts
Q.i want to any one don't create sub class for my class.how to do this requirement?
Q.String vs stringbuffer vs stringbuilder
Q.write singleton design pattern
Q.what is ioc and how to inject one bean to another bean.write both xml and annotation based example
Q.waht is bean life cycle.tell me about all scope in spring
Q.what is interface inject and in which scenario this is useful and write the code
Q.beanfactory vs application context

Second round:
Q.what is strategy and template design pattern write code
Q.How to handle transaction manager in your application
Q.constructor vs setter injection
Q.tell me spring boot flow
Q.tell JPARepository flow
Q.tell me day ot day life cycle inside a company
Q.tell me life cycle of servlet.
Q.how to make your application is statefull
Q.in which situation you got angry on manager.for which beheviour of manager,you dislike
Q.tell some difficult find when depveloped project
Q.how to got requirement and till move to production life cycle
Q.have you handle team .if what types of issue/difficulity faced?
Q.tell me some solution step fix bug in both preprod and production?
Q.are you involved daily scerum call and what is your reponsiable?
Q.what is jira tool and how many types of jira is avaliable?
Q.are you used any build tool .if yes the tell about build tool functionality?
Q.have you got any chance for work incident(support project).Please me about Incident process.it means how to got incident
how to response this incident and tell me all step till sloved this incident?
Q.which tool is used for track incident and sloved this incident 



